I have an exam on the 15th.
The professor uploaded the exam schedule.
I bought a new set of pens for the exam.
Our class has a review session next Thursday.
The exam will be in the main hall.
I should check the exam guidelines again.
There's an example paper on the course website.
The exam starts at 9 AM sharp.
I need to get a ruler for the math section.
They said we'll get scratch paper.
I wonder how many questions the exam will have.
The syllabus mentioned five main topics.
I need to borrow a calculator.
They said the exam is out of 100 marks.
I should pack my bag the night before.
The previous year's paper seemed straightforward.
I need to get a clear pouch for my stationery.
I hope the exam instructions are clear.
I wonder if there are any breaks during the exam.
The teacher will discuss the format next class.
I need to get a watch; we can't check phones.
The exam duration is mentioned as 90 minutes.
I should reach the venue a bit early.
It's a closed-book exam.
I should re-check the chapters listed.
There's a practice exam this Friday.
I need to charge my tablet; it's an online test.
I heard they'll give objective type questions.
The exam venue is near the library.
I should keep my student ID ready.
I wonder if we have to write in cursive.
The exam guidelines are in the email.
The teacher said to focus on post-midterm chapters.
I'll carry an extra pen, just in case.
I should set multiple alarms for the morning.
I'll keep a water bottle in my bag.
I think there's a negative marking scheme.
I should keep my admit card printed.
I hope the seating is comfortable.
I should check the bus schedule for that day.
The professor said it's a cumulative exam.
I should check the notice board for any updates.
The exam rules mentioned no electronic devices.
I'll keep my pencils sharpened.
I hope the exam room is well-lit.
There's a sample paper in the library.
The exam will cover 10 units.
I should wear my glasses; I forgot last time.
There's a section on short answer questions.
I wonder if they provide the answer sheets.
The syllabus said the exam is 40% of the grade.
I'll carry some snacks for after the exam.
There's a list of formulas given in the book.
I should get some post-its for marking.
The professor said to come with queries next class.
I should download the lecture slides.
I'll carry an eraser and a sharpener.
I think the exam will end by noon.
I should review the class notes.
The exam instructions will be given at the start.
I should check the classroom number again.
I'll get some sleep the night before.
I should pack a geometry set.
There's a guideline on using blue or black ink.
I'll set a timer to manage my time.
I should check the marking scheme.
There's a reading time of 10 minutes.
I should get the previous year's paper for reference.
The exam will have two sections, A and B.
I should keep my rough work neat.
I hope the questions are clear.
The professor gave some tips last lecture.
I should wear something comfortable.
I wonder if there's a dress code.
I need to get some highlighters.
I should keep my certificate ready.
I heard the exam is application-based.
I should clarify my doubts before the exam.
I hope the exam hall has good acoustics.
There's a blueprint given in the manual.
The professor advised revising the textbook.
I need to arrange transport for the day.
There's a revision list uploaded.
I should recheck the date and time.
I'll keep some change for the bus fare.
I hope the traffic isn't bad that day.
I should pack a small snack.
There's a helpline number in case of issues.
I wonder what the pass percentage is.
I should wear my wristwatch.
